Oh
WrestleMania for the NES man I had high
hopes for this game when it was
announced it was a two staples of my
childhood merging together I mean I
loved Pro Wrestling for the NES but this
was a WWF I could play his Hulk Hogan
what could go wrong well everything
WrestleMania may not be the worst
wrestling game ever but it has to be the
most disappointing let's fire this up it
starts out fine with a screenshot of
Hulk Hogan and the bigger better badder
tagline yeah six wrestlers to choose
from and most of the heavy hitters from
lead 87 Hogan Savage DiBiase Bam Bam
Bigelow Andre and the honky Tonk Man
I know honky was in the midst of his icy
title run I don't know anyone who
actually wanted to play as him
so he's like the character in an
opponent and then the ring falls from
the sky where's the crowd did they
dimmed the lights like a Sin Cara match
are we in outer space nope there just
isn't one
lack of an audience is really one of my
biggest complaints it just makes
everything seem well fake there's no
referee either just numbers that appear
when you pin someone they can't fight
outside of the ring either so every
match is basically a default lumberjack
match they do have a bell that rings at
the end of the match so there is that
despite its name WrestleMania is barely
a wrestling game they'll spend all your
time punching and kicking there is a
body slam but good luck with that if
you're playing as honky or Ted DiBiase
and that's it there's no leg drop shake
rattle and roll million dollar dream
little things like that
the controls are beyond frustrating
everyone moves like they have a stick up
there but this is probably realistic for
Andre I expect a little more
maneuverability from say Randy Savage
maybe it's just me I have an easier time
pulling off a 50 move combo and Street
Fighter than going for a pinfall
remember in pro wrestling when you'd hit
up the climb a turnbuckle
brother that's too easy for a claim in
WrestleMania you have to run along the
bottom of the screen and then hit B it's
the right time to jump up to the
turnbuckle let's look at your opponent
will trap you and beat your ass before
you get off the ground by the way if you
do get cornered you may as well just hit
reset and save yourself some time if
you're taking a beating you'll turn red
I mean your character but possibly also
you the player you can inflict more
damage in this state which would be
great if it could actually do moves
little icons float across the stream
that give you energy back but really if
you avoid the other guy he'll get energy
back anyway graphics wise you can
atleast tell who everyone is but Hulk
Hogan is wearing red for some reason
there's a way trend where they make some
wrestlers really fat
I know Bam Bam wasn't exactly felt but
it looks like a beach ball here DiBiase
and honky have huge guts especially when
they're facing the player normally we
think this is Vince McMahon setting
someone a message I think we can chalk
this up to just bad game design music is
actually a plus any of Snippets a theme
music during the match it works well
since if he repeated real American
during the whole match it would get real
old really fast
yesterday our name when you play which
is weird since you're playing as an
actual wrestler but even stranger as a
computer has a nickname as well we know
who Ted DiBiase is is a nickname taller
remotely necessary you have two options
you can play a single match or a
tournament when you basically beat
everyone and then get a screenshot
declaring yourself the champ someone on
YouTube has a video beating the game in
about seven minutes which is six longer
than I care to play apparently if you
have six friends you can set up a
round-robin cell tournament which is
cool as hell good luck finding five
other people willing to put up with a
game for that long well it's calling of
all the computer actually congratulate
itself after it beats you that's like
celebrating winning a tennis match after
you break the other guy's racket how got
acclaim have done such a bad job Pro
Wrestling showed you can make a solid
game for the NES and that came out two
years before it's like someone inventing
the wheel maybe it's not a perfect
circle but it runs just fine and it's
great for a first effort then acclaim
offers their version of a wheel it's
just a square claim we'll go on to
terrorize WTF fans for another decade
until THQ save the day
but those are games for another day till
then thanks for watching remember the
winner is you